[Telemetry] Settings Collector: redact sensitive reported values (#88675)
elastic/kibana: src/plugins/kibana_usage_collection/server/collectors/management/README.md

# User-changed UI Settings - Management Collector

The Usage Collector `stack_management` reports user changed settings.
All user changed UI Settings are automatically collected.

> After adding a new setting you will be required -via our api_integration tests- to update the [schema](./schema.ts) of the management collector and the [UsageStats](./types.ts) interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding a new setting you will be required -via our usage_collection functional tests- to update the [schema](./schema.ts) of the management collector and the [UsageStats](./types.ts) interface.
```
